Hey to recover from anything.
That's right.
They want to know that you're dead.
You're dead.
It's over.
Yeah,
your career's done.
You're life is over.
You said the wrong thing.
You've done the wrong thing.
I mean obviously there's some reasons for some people to be Pi like Harvey
Weinstein's perfect example,
right?
That guy should be in jail.
Of course for sure.
Is this rapist.
Yeah,
this is right.
At least alleged rapist.
What for sure.
He's done a lot of horrible shit.
Correct.
But then there's people that like,
like what did Samantha Bee say today?
She called Ivanka con.
Yeah.
Yeah,
exactly.
What happens there?
Thanks.
He gets in trouble.
I bet she doesn't.
She's not going to get in.
I bet she doesn't because she is left wing.
She's left wing base to say,
sorry,
I'm aligning some of the shit that Keith Olbermann has said about your job at
ESPN.
It's,
they don't care.
There are fucking so many tweets that he put out that are crazy calling Trump a
Nazi and fuck you think about like what people say,
Bell like Ben Carson and black conservatives.
We get Ben Carson was literally called a porch monkey [inaudible] and that's
totally fine.
He's black.
It doesn't matter.
They they've s
who created this system.
Who was it that did it though?
It wasn't like a famous person.
It was a famous person.
Absolutely called the porch monkeys.
Black Person.
Famous black person.
That's like,
if I call a Guy Guinea.
Yeah,
but it's,
it's porch monkey is like an,
I don't care who it's coming from,
right?
Like,
yeah,
but black people are allowed to say racist shit is out of the black people with
Theresa.
Okay.
It's not okay.
None of it's okay if the uncle toms,
the we go with stuff that we have laws or rules culturally and I don't like
those laws and rules.
Right.
Push back here.
Yeah.
I agree.
Well,
it's it,
it's definitely hypocritical.
Like someone was saying that there was a tweet that I retweeted today,
that's Smallville girl.
That Smallville show was still on the air and that girl is apparently she,
she's admitted to sex trafficking and that some of it was her idea.
I read the Smallville still on the air and they're pulling Roseanne from Hulu.
Right.
Roseanne swear she did not know that lady was black.
She swears she,
I mean she doesn't,
she doesn't look there it is.
If you don't,
Allison Max has branding the sex slaves.
Was her idea branding them.
Nice.
Alison.
That's means like burning a logo into their bodies.
All right.
What is,
why with that?
I don't know enough about that story,
but that bitch must be off the chart,
which is crazy.
Yeah.
Ooh,
but it's,
it's only accepted like if you have any ties whatsoever to conservative thought,
if,
if you have even like liked a tweet that Trump sent out,
like forget about it.
Forget about it.
Well,
I'm not even conservative,
but I have conservative people you talked to and people call me all right.
And all this crazy shit.
They're just looking to silence and labor.
Right.
They're obsessed with labels and I hate that idea that you can't say something
like they were literally,
I mean everyone piled in every celebrity on the sun piled in.
When I tweeted a couple of weeks ago that I was having a conversation,
I don't know if you saw this,
I was like,
I was having a conversation at lunch.
Um,
cause I've just been observing Chelsea handler.
I just think she's a weird person.
Like I don't know what happened because I used to really like her.
Like,
you know,
10 years ago.
That's when you were liberal.
Yeah.
Well when she was at her show,
like she was not politically correct.
I mean,
I don't know if anybody remembers the show Chelsea lately,
but she was making fun of everybody.
And now with the era of Trump,
she's like,
something's weird.
So she's getting older and I think she wants to be an activist now.
And I think she's looking for more meaning and importance because she doesn't
have a family or children.
And I,
I tweet that.
Oh,
you tweeted a tweet it,
but it's true.
I'm like,
I'm talking to like a friend at lunch.
I was,
and uh,
we were talking about like,
why some of these like older woman,
I have just gone bonkers.
And you know,
my friend made a comment,
she's like,
if you don't like use your eggs,
they scramble.
Like just saying like,
Oh shit that my friend said,
but I didn't even tweet that.
I didn't tweet that French put that shit on TV show.
It's really funny if you don't use your eggs,
they scramble.
So I was like cracking up.
I know,
but there's something there,
right?
It's,
it's it,
there's something there.
It's not politically correct.
But I observed the pattern of Kathy Griffin.
I observe the pattern of Chelsea handler and Sarah Silverman on the fence.
Not as bad but in that neighborhood.
So I tweet out,
do you think there's something associated like between like woman who don't have
children and they need something to nurture and foster and try to raise and in
this sense it's society.
Like they are just trying to parent the hell out of society.
And you think Sarah does?
Sarah goes back and forth.
She's more,
she's like,
she's a kind person,
but there's something like once in a while she'll,
I'm just like,
what?
Like I did actually go back and I said,
you know what,
Sarah,
I shouldn't put you in the same category as Kathy and Chelsea,
but it's like this.
They're like obsessed with like everything and they're completely wrong and
educated about everything and yet they,
they think they can say whatever they want.
So I tweaked this and I mean everyone was like,
you'd be like,
delete the too.
Like Ellen Ellen,
Ellen shows producers.
Like,
I mean,
Jake tapper,
like delete the tweet.
I was like,
I'm not deleting Jake.
Jake tapper jumps,
Jake tapper,
you know,
he said,
he said like,
this is literally,
so I tweaked,
this has nothing to do with Trump.
Anybody.
He's like,
this is the girl who like supports Trump and works for turning point USA,
which loves Trump.
I'm like,
what?
What does the weirdest like logical jumped ever?
So yeah.
And I just like,
I'm like,
Jake,
stop yourself.
Like,
come on.
So in the end everyone was just like,
delete the two.
And I was just like,
how about,
what was the actual wording of the tweet?
I think my exact words were at lunch with a friend talking about like how
bizarre Chelsea Handler,
Kathy Griffin and Sarah Silver.
And so if Sarah,
someone had just tweeted something like pro ms 13 it was like the whole Israel,
like it was bizarre,
you know,
and how crazy they've gotten.
And then I just said like,
do you think that's something really happens?
Women if they don't have children?
And that was,
it was just a question.
So the question,
that's such a hot spots or you're going after a soft spot on them.
Yeah,
yeah,
that's it.
Right.
And I'm like,
Sarah Huckabee,
Sanders,
any,
that's why I said,
I was like,
imagine they can say anything to [inaudible] going to lose her job.
Right.
She can say anything to Ivanka.
You can say anything to Sarah Sanders.
Anything to anybody.
To me.
Right.
Anyone that supports Trump,
it doesn't matter.
But then like these women who literally go after these people,
like the amount of vitriol that Chelsea handler has thrown to Ivanka,
you know,
to every single woman in the world.
Chrissy Teagan's off like a net.
Like she just like angry.
Like,
you know,
just like hate,
hate,
hate.
And then like you say one thing about them and like they like,
how could you even question,
how could you even ask a question if it's because they don't have kids.
And I'm like,
the fact that you guys are so outraged makes me sort of think that,
you know,
yeah,
a little bit.
And I didn't delete the tweet.
If you didn't have any point at all,
it wouldn't work.
And that way it would just pick a stupid to be upset at you.
They're like,
oh,
this person,
she doesn't know what the fuck she's talking.
And I tweeted that,
I was like,
there's gotta be something here because you guys are all losing your minds.
You know,
I,
it's so Sarah Silverman responded,
Kathy Griffin was like,
they went nuts.
This was like a full on like Kathy Griffin is so happy.
So I know,
I know,
but she's busy and they'd gotten bizarre.
And at one point these people to me were funny and something sort of just
happened.
And like Trump is the,
the means like they,
whatever they're going through in life,
the outlet is Trump.
And anybody that likes Trump,
what people think there's a cultural war going on and there most certainly is
areas for sure.
You know,
so they feel like they're on a side and they have to,
you know,
they're going to lob grenades during the war.
Yeah.
And it gives people,
it also gives people a sense of purpose,
like that engaging in these Twitter fights somehow or another is like
reinforcing the good behavior and shutting down the bad behavior.
And right.